README.md, before:

portage-cfg
=========

A role to manage a bunch of portage config files.

Role Variables
--------------

- `portage_accept_keywords`: List of keywords to accept. Example:
```yaml
portage_accept_keywords:
  - atom: app-admin/ansible
    keyword: ~amd64
```
- `portage_accept_license`: List of licenses to accept. Example:
```yaml
portage_accept_license:
  - atom: app-editors/visual-studio-code
    license: MS-vscode-EULA license
```
- `portage_unmask`: List of lines to add to `package.unmask` file.
- `portage_mask`: List of lines to add to `package.mask` file.
- `portage_sets`: List of sets to create, each set is also added to `world_sets`. Example:
```yaml
portage_sets:
  - name: fonts
    packages:
      - media-fonts/corefonts
```
- `portage_package_use`: List of uses. Each "item" creates a new file under `/etc/portage/package.use` with its name. Example:
```yaml
portage_package_use:
  - name: ansible
    uses:
      - use: dev-python/ipython -qt5
        comments:
          - This pulls a bunch of crap
```
- `portage_world`: List of packages to add to `world` file.
- `portage_make`: List of custom lines to append to `make.conf`. Example:
```yaml
portage_make:
  - name: LINGUAS
    value:
      - en
      - es
```

License
-------

BSD

Commit message:

Added support for cases when package.* are directories
For certain cases it is beneficial to use directories instead of files
for

* package.accept_keywords
* package.license
* package.mask
* package.unmask

For example, it is a requirement for crossdev.

This commit adds a task in `tasks/check_if_dir.yml` that takes in a
variable `target_path`, checks if it is a directory.

If the target_path is a directory, the value of a new parameter
"portage_ansible_managed_filename" is appended to it, so all edits in
tasks are done to the file residing in

`{{ target_path }} / {{ portage_ansible_managed_filename }}`

The new parameter default value is "ansible_managed".

Tasks in:
* tasks/accept_keyword.yml
* tasks/accept_license.yml
* tasks/mask.yml
* tasks/unmask.yml

have been adjusted to use the new task.

README.md, after:

portage-cfg
=========

A role to manage a bunch of portage config files.

Role Variables
--------------

- `portage_accept_keywords`: List of keywords to accept. Example:
```yaml
portage_accept_keywords:
  - atom: app-admin/ansible
    keyword: ~amd64
```
- `portage_accept_license`: List of licenses to accept. Example:
```yaml
portage_accept_license:
  - atom: app-editors/visual-studio-code
    license: MS-vscode-EULA license
```
- `portage_unmask`: List of lines to add to `package.unmask` file.
- `portage_mask`: List of lines to add to `package.mask` file.
- `portage_sets`: List of sets to create, each set is also added to `world_sets`. Example:
```yaml
portage_sets:
  - name: fonts
    packages:
      - media-fonts/corefonts
```
- `portage_package_use`: List of uses. Each "item" creates a new file under `/etc/portage/package.use` with its name. Example:
```yaml
portage_package_use:
  - name: ansible
    uses:
      - use: dev-python/ipython -qt5
        comments:
          - This pulls a bunch of crap
```
- `portage_world`: List of packages to add to `world` file.
- `portage_make`: List of custom lines to append to `make.conf`. Example:
```yaml
portage_make:
  - name: LINGUAS
    value:
      - en
      - es
```
- `portage_ansible_managed_filename`: in case paths like `/etc/portage/package.accept_keywords` are a directory, a file with this name will be created in the corresponding path to include the requested line. [Default: `ansible_managed`]

License
-------

BSD
